Being in the Navy means you're going to be pretty much on a submarine
or an aircraft or a destroyer or something similar to that where there
aren't that many enemies in the local area. In fact, they say that
during wartime, being on one of those Navy vessels is one of the safest
places that you can be. So I haven't really seen or been up close
and personal to enemies. What we do is we support. We support the
army people and the marines that are on the land who do shoot people,
who are faced with combat situations. However, in the military we
can do something special, we can actually join those people, and join
their unit, join their brigade, or whatever you call it that actually
go fight. That's not technically our job, Seals do that yes, and
special forces also do that, but the vast majority of the people
in the Navy are there in a support type of role to put the ship in a
really safe spot so that the officers can fly their jets and their
helicopters to go fight the war.